chore: Declare Maven, Gradle and SBT caches as volumes in our Docker image, close SH-955 (#60)
gatling/frontline-doc: content/reference/current/installation/docker/index.md

You can leave it empty.

### Prepare repositories cache folder

This step is optional.

> Build a Gatling project for the first time using Maven, Gradle or SBT will downloading some dependencies that will be kept on disk. It is possible to make a volume of these folders to skip the downloading part when spinning a brand new Gatling Enterprise container.

Reviewer: will downloading => will download

Reviewer: > be kept on disk

be stored on disk

Reviewer: > brand new

fresh ?

> Build a Gatling project for the first time using Maven, Gradle or SBT will downloading some dependencies that will be kept on disk. It is possible to make a volume of these folders to skip the downloading part when spinning a brand new Gatling Enterprise container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Building a Gatling project for the first time, using Maven, Gradle, or SBT, will download some dependencies that will be stored on disk. It is possible to make a volume of these folders to avoid downloading the same files again each time you spin up a new Gatling Enterprise container.
```

WDYT?
